let's return to those live pictures
coming into us from Gaza following
reports of an Israeli air strike on a
hospital in central Gaza these are
pictures we understand of another
hospital in Gaza where patients from
that strike on another hospital are
being brought to the health Ministry in
Gaza is reporting that there have been
500 casualties in that Israeli air
strike uh we don't have those figures
verified but they are reporting that 300
people have been
killed just want to show you those still
images as well that we've had
in and this is pictures that we've had
which have been verified of this
Hospital the Al Ali Hospital in the
center of the Gaza Strip following that
air strike well let's talk to our
correspondent John Don and who is
following all the developments in Gaza
John welcome to you little information
coming into us just bring us up to date
on what we do know about these reports
of a strike on this
Hospital well look certainly at this
stage it looks to be one of the most
deadly attacks of this conflict so far
it's very difficult to get an accurate
picture of the numbers at this stage
this is
the uh Hospital run by the Baptist
Church it's right in the center of uh
Gaza City close to the main Square uh
we've seen the first images coming in uh
showing buildings on fire and as you say
in terms of numbers we've got the civil
defense Authority in Gaza talking about
300 people being killed and the health
Ministry saying 500 but I should say at
this stage uh it's difficult really for
anyone to know but we're getting images
of the injured being uh rushed to
hospital in Gaza other hospitals I mean
you have to remember that at this time
there will have been hundreds if not
thousands of people displaced from their
homes Sheltering in this Hospital uh
thinking it was a safe place we have
contacted the Israeli Defense Force uh
for comment but we've not heard back yet
and just give us a sense of the
geography you said it's in central Gaza
and you described it as being run by the
Baptist Church so this would have been
very well known um a location as a
hospital
yeah absolutely certainly everyone in
Gaza would have known uh where it was
it's actually not that far from the BBC
office in Gaza I've walk past it at many
times when I was working there uh and
it's uh you know there's not a large
Christian population in Gaza but this
was run by uh the Baptist Church so
every hospital uh in Gaza at the moment
is not just a place where they're
treating thousands of casualties it's
also a place where people are seeking
shelter we've seen the pictures from
shifa hospital also in Gaza City where
you got thousands of people camped out
in the hospital and in the hospital
grounds and we think it will have been
the same there yeah and just looking uh
for any kind of reaction from Israel and
as you mentioned no response as yet do
you think we can expect one fairly
soon well they're going to be being
asked uh what happened uh was this a
mistake were they targeting someone or
something specific uh in that hospital
or below that hospital uh they're going
to be at being asked because of course
we've got uh Joe Biden arriving tomorrow
and the Americans have been urging uh
Israel to limit the number of Civilian
casualties and if Joe Biden arrives here
tomorrow morning and we're getting
confirmation that we've got people
having been killed in their hundreds in
a hospital uh in in an apparent Israeli
air strike
then um that presumably is not going to
go down very well yeah and give us a
sense of I mean how many people may
possibly have been there I know it's
impossible for you to say exactly but
given that so many people have been
displaced and they have been moving to
places of what they think is safety like
hospitals like
schools yeah I mean look we know that
about 600,000 people have uh moved South
after that warning from Israel to
evacuate their homes uh last week but
there are lots of people who can't move
or didn't want to move you know the
injured the vulnerable uh people in
hospital they can't move so a lot of
people have been uh just heading to
anywhere they think is uh relatively
safe though that that could be schools
it could be un facilities it could be
hospitals we know that we've also heard
this evening uh that a un school has
been hit in the center of Gaza City six
people killed there including some un
staff and the United Nations body there
in Gaza calling that uh strike
outrageous we've got people just packed
into anywhere they think might be safe
apparently in the south of Gaza near
Rafa you've got 8,000 PE people packed
into a warehouse with very very limited
facilities so people are going anywhere
that they think was safe but a hospital
not even a hospital is a safe place yeah
John Hamas of uh released a statement
calling the attack on the hospital in
the Gaza Strip a war crime it said the
hospital was housing hundreds of sick
and wounded and P people forcibly
displaced from their homes as a result
of other strikes the statement says
hundreds of victims are still under the
rubble um obviously we just have their
words at the moment we are waiting for
any kind of response from Israel who
have just said that they will look into
it